[Aspect]
deliverifast
price
deliveri
work
qualiti
product
fast
cord

[Summary]
0: Wish the cable came along with the E63 Nokia phone but for the price,  it was great.
1: It worked beautifully the first time out.
2: The service from the company was great!
3: this cord worked great - a little slow on the shipping, but I did not pay the extra for fast delivery.

[Outlier sentences]
0: I'm totally happy with this purchasing experience.
1: The cable is of good quality.
2: Amazing!
3: The purchase was smooth and the cable arrived a few days later.

[Compression ratio]
0.160000


[Input Document]
Genuine Nokia cable as advertised, at a great price an super fast delivery.
I'm totally happy with this purchasing experience.
I bought it to use with a Nokia Neuron since the CA101-D that came with that phone is only 8" long and too short for where I wanted to use it, so this cable is perfect for the location I want to use it in.
Wish the cable came along with the E63 Nokia phone but for the price,  it was great.
Works as expected.
The cable is of good quality.
As always Amazon delivered it earlier than expected!
Not much to say other than this is a genuine Nokia cable that works with my N810 internet tablet.
It's the same as what comes with the N810 and works as expected.
Great price too!
On Nokia site the cable was in excess of $25.
At Amazon it was less than $2 !!
Amazing!
this cord worked great - a little slow on the shipping, but I did not pay the extra for fast delivery.
Great price, perfect product.
I love my Nokia E71 but Nokia opted not to package a connector cable in the unlocked version of the product.
I don't have a data plan at the moment so I needed the CA-101 to be able to sync my calendar and notes entries.
The device is meant for this to be done through data transfers via network service (hence no cable in box).
I almost bought this cable on the [...]site for [...] and then thought to search Amazon where I found a new cable for[...] plus shipping.
What a deal!!!!
The purchase was smooth and the cable arrived a few days later.
I'd use the seller again.
The cable was purchased specifically to download photos from my phone to my computer.
It worked beautifully the first time out.
The service from the company was great!